We added does pop over.
Now it's time to finally start submitting HTP requests to our firebase server so that we can store our
data.
Now to do this we will need some information about the offending Kelud user though because we will need
this token firebase stores for us to authenticate the user with firebase because only authenticated
users are allowed to access our firebase back.
And this is the default setting.
And as a side note you can check this under database and then rules here this might look a bit triptych.
But what this is saying is read and write access is only granted to offene credit users.
So where off is not null which would mean they are not of indicated.
So only a Finnikin that users are allowed to read and write are data or no data right now in a database.
So therefore we need to get our token and send it with an HTP request to confirm to firebase to our
backend that we actually are allowed to read or write so that we are offending say that.
So in order to do this we need to get access to this token and we actually do get access to this token
through the user firebase knows.
Now this user is extract that in the app component here where we check the user when our indication
of state changes.
This is our user.
However we can also conveniently get access to it with the help or method firebase gives us.
And I'm going to implement this here as a helper method in my own office service get active user would
be a fitting name I guess.
And here I simply want to return this.
No not this just firebase off.
And then there is a current user property which will give me the currently authenticated user.
So this gives me my user.
And now back in the shopping list service here in on show options I now want to handle the case that
I click on the story button first because storing is more important than loading because we can't load
anything if nothing is stored and in order to handle this click I now need to listen to the data I get
when we dismiss the pop over remember in Essel options we dismissed the pop over and we pass on the
action to user selected.
So a string in the end load or store this is passed to this method when you click a button and this
method then dismisses the view controller.
You pop over therefore and pass this to stated to the view below it.
So do the shopping list component.
Therefore here we should implement pop over on that dismiss.
And you might know this pattern from the motile where we all receive data like this.
And here I know that I get the data which is an object in the end.
And I can now check if the data action remember actionless the property name we chose here.
And does this you Optik we're getting into a state object in the end.
So it can check if data action equals load.
In which case we should reach out to server and load something we'll cover this later or if it's something
else which would be stored in this case.
Now if it is stored I need to reach out to my office service and get the currently active user to get
the token off that user.
So for this I will inject be of service year like this.
Make sure to also at the amp or to the file with that and check that I can now reach out to offer service
and get the active user.
And on this user I'm again interested in the tokenized conveniently firebase office Astor's gets token
method on the currently active user.
Now get token however will not give us back a string representation of this token.
Instead get token actually returns a promise.
The reason for this is that get token will first of all have a look at our local storage and retrieve
the token.
And once it does this it will check if the token is still valid if the token expired.
It will automatically try to refresh the token for us.
So it does a lot of different things behind the scenes.
And if you're using your own backend you might need to implement this on your own or you simply don't
care about invalid token send this token and then get the error by the server who recognizes this token
it's not valid.
So whatever your set up is again firebase conveniently does this all in just get token method.
Therefore does is a promise which will give us the token once it ever got it or refreshed it or it will
throw an error which we can handle with catch you if there is no valid token.
I will not handle this right now.
So then I know I have the token and the token in the end.
Just a string and we can now use this token to actually finally reach out to the web and fetch our data
or in this case storing the data.
Now storing shopping lists data sounds like a shop for the shopping list service.
So this is where in the next lecture I will actually implement our HTP call.
Q Our firebase service use that token to offend teacake myself and store the data on firebase